Update README.md with new structure: new plugin features, cli tool section (#310)
ComposeGears/Valkyrie: README.md

    - [`iconpack` command](#iconpack-command)
    - [`svgxml2imagevector` command](#svgxml2imagevector-command)
  - [Build CLI](#build-cli)
- [Other](#other)
  - [Export formats](#export-formats)
  - [Comparison with other solutions](#comparison-with-other-solutions)
  - [Gradle commands](#gradle-commands)

## Key features

### Core functionality:

- Support conversion from SVG and XML
- Custom [kotlinpoet](https://github.com/square/kotlinpoet) generator with streamlined code formatting:
  * code alignment and formatting
  * remove redundant code by default (e.g. `public` keyword)
  * remove unused imports (e.g. `kotlin.*` package)
  * skip default ImageVector parameters
  * support generation as [backing property or lazy property](#export-formats)
  * optional trailing comma and explicit mode
  * customize code indent
- Ability to create your unique project icon pack (+nested packs if necessary)
- High performance (6k icons processing ~5sec)

### Currently we supports:

- IntelliJ IDEA / Android Studio plugin
- CLI tool
- Gradle plugin and Web app (🚧 coming soon 🚧)

## IDEA Plugin

### Plugin features

- Two conversion modes: [Simple](#simple-mode) and [IconPack](#iconpack-mode)

> - Support for Drag&Drop files/directories or paste content from clipboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for Drag&Drop files/directories and pasting content from clipboard
```

- Easy option to add more icons into existing project icon pack
- Export generated ImageVector to clipboard or file (depends on the mode)
- Fully customizable setting for generated icons
- Build-in [ImageVector previewer](#imagevector-previewer) for any icons without compilation ✨

> - Plugin fully built using [Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The plugin is completely built using [Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform)
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Currently, editing features are limited; you can only load an existing pack and add more nested packs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Editing features are limited for now; you can only load an existing pack and add more nested packs.
```

Demo:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77f449dd-a6d0-44ea-9059-b7b30ee94426

### ImageVector Previewer

We personally find it very useful to have a previewer for ImageVector (such we have for SVG or XML).
Previewer available for any ImageVector formats (backing or lazy property, legacy google material icons) without
compose @Preview annotation and project compilation.

<div align="center">
    <img src="assets/imagevector_previewer.png" />
</div>

Previewer actions:

- Change icon background (pixel grid, white, black)
- Zoom in, zoom out icon without loosing quality
- Draw as actual size
- Fit icon to window

Demo:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1047a2b3-81ec-4e10-a118-0ff20bd5227b

### Requirements

- IntelliJ IDEA 2024.1 and later
- Android Studio Koala and later

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > K2 mode is available starting from IntelliJ IDEA
> >
> 2024.2.1 ([more details](https://kotlin.github.io/analysis-api/migrating-from-k1.html#declaring-compatibility-with-the-k2-kotlin-mode))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> K2 mode is available starting from IntelliJ IDEA 2024.2.1 ([more details](https://kotlin.github.io/analysis-api/migrating-from-k1.html#declaring-compatibility-with-the-k2-kotlin-mode))
```
